The core data model will be product, menu, menu item, order, order item, recipe, and assembly.

A menu has a name, two timestamps, and a set of menu items.  One timestamp will denote the time when the menu
is in service and the other will denote the time the menu goes out of service.

A product is a food item or a drink item.  "Cheeseburger", for example.

A menu item is an aggregation of one or more products.  "Cheeseburger meal, containing a cheeseburger, a side item,
and a regular drink", for example.

A recipe is a set of ingredients plus processing instructions for creating a product.

An order item is a menu item with (optionally) additional processing instructions.
"Cheeseburger meal with fries and Diet Coke and extra pickles", for example.

An assembly is a set of instructions for packaging a menu item to fulfill a customer order or order item.  Plating
or packing instructions are examples of assembly instructions.

Station assembly instructions describe how an order item is to be processed at a station.

The station data model will include assembly instructions.

assembly is menu item plus processing instructions
order item is menu item with optional customization instructions

The products are: regular hamburger, small hamburger, chicken sandwich, spicy chicken sandwich, chicken nuggets,
french fries, onion rings, soft drinks, iced tea, vanilla soft serve ice cream, chocolate soft serve ice cream.

The fry line is responsible for producing:
fried chicken fillets
fried chicken nuggets
french fries
onion rings

The fry line has 2 fryers.  One is for frying chicken only.  The fryers use peanut oil and the normal operating
temperature of each fryer is 350 degrees fahrenheit.
The fry line has 2 holding bins: 1 for chicken and 1 for french fries and onion rings.  A holding bin is acts as a
staging area where freshly fried products are dumped to drain excess oil, get salted, and be held at optimal serving
temperatures before packaging.  In times of high demand the fry line can use these as a buffer, cooking food before
it is needed.  This creates a bit of elasticity in the flow but can also lead to waste and poor service if over-used.

Chicken fillets are frozen and prebreaded.  Cooking time is 3.5 minutes.
Chicken nuggets are frozen and prebreaded.  Cooking time is 3.0 minutes.
Onion rings are frozen and prebreaded.  Cooking time is 2.5 minutes.
French fries are frozen and precute.  Cooking time is 3.0 minutes.

A chicken sandwich requires 1 chicken fillet.
A spicy chicken sandwich requires 1 spicy chicken fillet.
Chicken nuggets are cooked in batches and held at temperature until needed.  Batch size depends on the time of day.
During peak times of service the fry line cooks batches of 12 nuggets, continuously replenishing the holding bin.
French fries are cooked in batches and held at temperature until needed.  Batch size depends on the time of day.
During peak times of service the fry line cooks 1 entire bag of french fries, continuously replenishing the holding bin.
French fries are cooked in batches and held at temperature until needed.
Onion rings are cooked to order.
Chicken fillets are cooked to order.

The fry line station needs a data schema for the following:
Cooking and processing instructions for products.
Processing instructions include max holding times for french fries and chicken nuggets.
Cooking schedule for batches of chicken nuggets and batches of french fries.
The schedule will specify the # of batches to hold for each hour of service.  The schedule will be a function of the
daily demand model for the kitchen.
