hamburger_stand is an automation platform for quick service restaurants.  The system design is partitioned into
stations and each station handles a set of tasks for service operation.  The base stations are point of
sale, fry line, grill line, sandwich line, assembly.

The default flow control is choreography; each station is governed by a FIFO/best effort strategy.  Eventually we will
offer the option of an orchestrated flow control.  For this option there will be an orchestration component called
'Kitchen Orchestrator'.  'kms-kitchen' will act as the parent to the station modules.

The system will be a collection of spring boot applications.  The applications will receive REST requests and will send
NATS messages.  Some of the stations will listen for NATs messages.

A station will be a spring boot application with a REST API.  The API will have a POST method which takes an order and
returns an acknowledgement.  The acknowledgement will include a status, which is one of ACK, NA.  If status is NA
then no other attributes will be included in the return.  The status is NA if none of the Order's items are handled by
 the station.  Any order items which require processing by the station will be written to the station's big queue and
 the order items will be included in the response, along with a timestamp.  The timestamp represents the predicted
 completion time of the line item.  When a station has completed the production of an orderLineItem it will send an
 ITEM COMPLETE message to the KITCHEN SERVICE topic.

Each station will have a database to store the station's assembly instructions and operational state.  Each station
application will use Spring Data JPA and H2 will be the datastore.

'kms-kitchen', being the parent application, will own the core data model.  The point of sale station's application
will include a NatsListener (from dev.all-things.boot.nats-spring-boot-starter).  The NatsListener will be configured
to listen to the KITCHEN SERVICE topic.  When a message is received on this topic the station will update the
order's status and, if the order is complete, execute an "order complete" strategy.
